there are so many myths about summer
futures so much nonsense that's written
about them and it's not surprising
really because they are one of the most
frightening looking creatures on the
planet they're said to chase after
people to have a kind of venom that
means that you can't feel when they bite
you and they'll slowly eat you alive
none of that is actually true they don't
have venom glands they just rely on the
enormous strength and power of those
jaws and their incredible speed I mean I
don't there's any doubt that these
incredible arachnids should go on the
deadly 60 I think really though you need
to see him at work to do that I'm gonna
have to release him from his little
glass prison and see him running around
I'm gonna start doing that on my hand
this could be the bravest thing I do all
week
oh so freaky okay let's see where he
goes I don't know if you can see this
but all over the legs are enormous great
long sensory hairs some of them almost
as long as the legs themselves these
used to sense movements in the air
around even chemicals from it spray your
tea how he's done and with that it
disappeared off into the night